user-upload-workflow/remote-functions/README.md, before:

# Custom Fn
For this example, we are writing a custom function using the imagemagick library. See [Cloudinary documentation](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/custom_functions#remote_functions) for more information.

## Run this app locally
```
cd user-upload-workflow/remote-function
npm i
node app.js
```
The local app can be tested with cURL.

In order to use a remote function with Cloudinary it must be available on the internet. The example app.js is deployed to Heroku. 

## Deploy to heroku


Here are instructions for deploying this app to Heroku:
[https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/deploying-nodejs](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/deploying-nodejs)


* [deploying with git](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git)
* heroku git:remote -a  secure-caverns-90265
* Procfile
* git push heroku master


## Test locally with cURL

```bash
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:5000/api/file' \
--form 'file=@"<path to local file"'
```

## Test remote call to Heroku app
```
curl --location --request POST 'https://secure-caverns-90265.herokuapp.com/api/file' \
--form 'file=@"<path to local file>"' 
```
You'll might get a warning  like 
```
Warning: Binary output can mess up your terminal. Use "--output -" to tell 
Warning: curl to output it to your terminal anyway, or consider "--output 
Warning: <FILE>" to save to a file.
```
so you can add the `--output` flag to your cURL.

```
curl --location --request POST 'https://secure-caverns-90265.herokuapp.com/api/file' \
--form 'file=@"/Users/rebeccapeltz/training-images/tiger-lilly.jpg"'
```


## Custom Function: remote function in transformation
Older cached version

https://res.cloudinary.com/cloudinary-training/image/upload/s--ZSceRCol--/fn_remote:aHR0cHM6Ly9zZWN1cmUtY2F2ZXJucy05MDI2NS5oZXJva3VhcHAuY29tL2FwaS9maWxl/shell

Commit message:

add notice about new implementation and deployement of the custom remote function for Cloudinary transformations

user-upload-workflow/remote-functions/README.md, after:

# Custom Fn
For this example, we are writing a custom function using the imagemagick library. See [Cloudinary documentation](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/custom_functions#remote_functions) for more information.

<div style="height:100px;color:red;font-size:3rem;">2023 Attention</div>  

## New Code and Location for Remote Function Example

In the example demonstrated in the Advanced Concepts course, we used the imagemangick package in a Node.js Express server to implement the remote function.  The function get the local date and time of the caller and writes it as a text overlay on the image sent to it.  The remote function was deloyed to Heroku.  The Heroku account has been shut down.  

The remote function has been reimplemented as a serverless function using the Sharp package.  You'll find the code and instructions for how to call the remote function API and how to create a URL that uses the remote function in a Cloudinary transformation.

Look here to see the new implementation: [https://github.com/cloudinary-training/cld-serverless-remote-function](https://github.com/cloudinary-training/cld-serverless-remote-function)



## Run this app locally
```
cd user-upload-workflow/remote-function
npm i
node app.js
```
The local app can be tested with cURL.

In order to use a remote function with Cloudinary it must be available on the internet. The example app.js is deployed to Heroku. 

## Deploy to heroku


Here are instructions for deploying this app to Heroku:
[https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/deploying-nodejs](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/deploying-nodejs)


* [deploying with git](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git)
* heroku git:remote -a  secure-caverns-90265
* Procfile
* git push heroku master


## Test locally with cURL

```bash
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:5000/api/file' \
--form 'file=@"<path to local file"'
```

## Test remote call to Heroku app
```
curl --location --request POST 'https://secure-caverns-90265.herokuapp.com/api/file' \
--form 'file=@"<path to local file>"' 
```
You'll might get a warning  like 
```
Warning: Binary output can mess up your terminal. Use "--output -" to tell 
Warning: curl to output it to your terminal anyway, or consider "--output 
Warning: <FILE>" to save to a file.
```
so you can add the `--output` flag to your cURL.

```
curl --location --request POST 'https://secure-caverns-90265.herokuapp.com/api/file' \
--form 'file=@"/Users/rebeccapeltz/training-images/tiger-lilly.jpg"'
```


## Custom Function: remote function in transformation
Older cached version

https://res.cloudinary.com/cloudinary-training/image/upload/s--ZSceRCol--/fn_remote:aHR0cHM6Ly9zZWN1cmUtY2F2ZXJucy05MDI2NS5oZXJva3VhcHAuY29tL2FwaS9maWxl/shell
